*Captcha Hakkında Bulunanlar:*

  * http://www.rominirani.com/2010/02/22/episode-15-using-a-captcha-in-your-google-app-engine-application/
  * http://daily.profeth.de/2008/04/using-recaptcha-with-google-app-engine.html
  * http://code.google.com/intl/tr-TR/apis/recaptcha/docs/display.html

*Haber Siteleri:*

  * http://www.infoq.com/
  * http://www.infoworld.com/
  * http://java.dzone.com/
  * http://www.java.net/
  * http://www.theserverside.com/
  * http://java.sys-con.com/


----------------


reCAPTCHA Logo
HOME
WHAT IS reCAPTCHA
GET reCAPTCHA
MY ACCOUNT
MY SITES
EMAIL PROTECTION
RESOURCES
	
tasarimdesenleri.com
Domain Name: 	tasarimdesenleri.com

This is a global key. It will work across all domains.
Public Key: 	6Le6TsQSAAAAANp8b-1elO7_z8qe3hJpyIzfpwXw

Use this in the JavaScript code that is served to your users
Private Key: 	6Le6TsQSAAAAALpuzEMd8r5xgzOLn4JobAadiahf

Use this when communicating between your server and our server. Be sure to keep it a secret.
	Delete these keys
Resources: 	

    reCAPTCHA plugins and libraries
    reCAPTCHA API Documentation

Now what? If you just signed up for a set of keys, you now need to install reCAPTCHA on your site. This is done in two parts. First, you need to add some HTML that displays the reCAPTCHA widget. Second, you need to configure your form to contact our servers to verify reCAPTCHA solutions. Here are specific instructions for: PHP, WordPress, and MediaWiki. For other environments, visit our resources page.

Blog | About Us | Contact | FAQ | Terms | Privacy
© 2011 Google, all rights reserved.